{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Snakes:\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 This is a game that I made on a five person team over the course of 2 weeks for CMS.611 Creating Videogames.\'a0 On this game I was responsible for Art, UI Design and Implementation, and QA and Debugging.\'a0 I also did a lot of the integrating of back-end code with Unity and implementing of the Art.\'a0 This game was made in Unity 5 with C#.\'a0 The link to an older web version can be found below.\
\
My team members were Nayeon Kim, Forrest Moret, Jorrie Brettin, and Giulio Gueltrini, all of whom are students at MIT.\
\
I wish that we had had more time to develop this game.\'a0 Because this was only a two week project, we ended up having to cut features that some people on the team felt were crucial to the game.\'a0 Given our time frame, I do feel that we accomplished a lot and captured most of what we wanted from our original design.
\fs24 \

\fs32 \
Lygo:
\fs24 \

\fs32 Lygo is a minimalist exploration game for Android tablets.\'a0 We started with the idea of home, particularly leaving home.\'a0 Our team wanted to focus on the reasons we leave home, what it feels like to leave, and what it feels like when we return to our previous homes. \'a0\
Our team was made up of four people: \'a0Einat Daniel-Krumholtz, Gregory Kogos, Eyal Stern, and me. \'a0 \'a0I was responsible for programming, project management, some level design, and some of the art assets. \'a0 This game was made in conjunction with the MIT Game Lab and the Shenkar Institute in Tel Aviv. \'a0\
\
Lygo was developed in Unity 5, using C# scripts, under the guidance of Philip Tan of the MIT Game Lab. \'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 MIT GAMe lab real estate game:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 I've been working with the MIT Game Lab on a game since the beginning of the Fall semester.\'a0 I'm working on a team with three other Undergraduate students and members of the MIT Game \'a0Lab staff.\'a0 We have been paper prototyping, trying to come up with a new idea and play it every week, until December when we worked on polishing the idea that we, and our client, liked the most.\'a0 Over the January term, we worked on taking that version of the game and making a playable digital prototype.\'a0 I am the artist on this game, though my responsibilities also include some programming and general game testing and debugging. \'a0\
\
This game is meant to start conversations about the Real Estate Development Industry in China.\'a0 Our game is intended for Chinese players who don't know much English if any, so the goal is to represent as much of the information symbolically as possible, with minimal text in game that will need to be translated, while still preserving its message.\'a0 The game will be part of a program that is going to be run in China this Summer.\'a0 To the right are some of the current in-game assets.\
\
We are continuing this project into the Spring semester where my responsibilities will continue to be designing art assets, designing game UI layouts, and implementing what I've designed.}